Hi everybody.
It's now time for the final exam on this entire chapter here on this entire class.
So it focuses just about on everything that we learned in this class.
Again there are some topics such as GAUSS LAW which you may not cover in your classes you just feel
free to skip those.
The exam is broken down into two sections the first section is the multiple choice problems.
OK so there's 20 multiple choice in some of the questions it'll say there may be more than one correct
choice.
So in those ones there's probably at least two that are correct.
In all the other ones if those words are not said that means there's only one correct choice.
All right.
So have a look at them try the problems for yourself and come watch the solutions.
And the second part there is four problems for you to work on.
Again this will involve a little bit more math.
There might be shorter questions within each problem or different parts to each problem.
But again have a look at those try to work them off by herself and then watch the video solutions and
see if you've got it right or not.
All right good luck everybody.
This is a problem.
Sorry.
This is an exam I actually gave to my physics class in the fall of 2020 semester at the college where
I teach.
OK.
So it's a hard exam.
Students didn't find it easy so if you don't find it it's OK.
I just learned from it and apply what you've learned in this class.
Good luck.